3 BHK Flats &amp; Apartments for Sale Near Suchitra X Roads, Hyderabad Skip to content Home About Us Projects Ongoing Projects Bharathi Horizon Bharathi Lakewood News &#038; Media Contact Us CRM Login Menu Home About Us Projects Ongoing Projects Bharathi Horizon Bharathi Lakewood News &#038; Media Contact Us CRM Login +91 79979 92051 2621 sq ydrs Extent 1 Blocks 8+2 Floors 40 Units An Iconic Project Of 3 BHK Apartments At NCL Colony, Kompally Location Highlights 1 Min To Ankura Hospitals 8 Mins To ORR Exit No 6 12 Mins To Secunderabad Railway Station 12 Mins To Malla Reddy University 15 Mins To Biotech Park Let's talk and Bring your Home to lakewood Call or email us to find out more. Alternatively, fill in the form below and we will be in touch. +91 7997992051 +91 7997992052 info@bharathiconstructionshyd.com Name Email Phone Comments SUBMIT Project View Indoor Amenities Outdoor Amenities Grand Entrance with Waiting Area Lounge Grand Entrance with Waiting Area Lounge Children's Play Area Lifts Grocery Store Mini Theatre 100% Power Backup EV Charging Indoor Games CC Cameras LEGEND 1. Entry/Exit 2. Wooden Deck 3. Seating 4. Children’s Play Area 5. Stepping Stones 6. Lawn 7. Half Basketball Court 8. Jogging Track 9. Driveway 10.Screen Wall Master Plan Typical Floor Plan Project Specifications Structure R.C.C framed structure to withstand wind &amp; seismic loads. Superstructure: 9” thick lightweight red bricks/concrete blocks for external walls &amp; 4” thick lightweight red bricks/ concrete blocks for internal walls. Plastering: External and internal wall cement plaster with smooth finish excluding the plastering of Internal ceiling and parking ceiling. Joint of the R.C.C. structure and brick wall will be covered with mesh before commencing of the internal wall plastering. Telecom, Cable TV &amp; Internet External: Textured finish with 2 coats of weather proof external emulsion paint of reputed make. Internal: Smooth putty finish with 2 coats of premium acrylic emulsion paint of reputed make over a coat of primer. Electrical Main Door: Manufactured teak wood frame &#038; melamine spray finish on veneered flush shutters with hardware of reputed make. Internal Doors: Engineered hardwood frame with PU polish &#038; laminate shutter with hardware of reputed make. Toilet Door: Same as internal door/granite frame with laminated flush shutter. Utility Doors: Same as internal doors or UPVC door frame of reputed profile sections with combination of tinted float glass &#038; laminated MDF panel. Sliding Doors: UPVC/Aluminium door frames with tinted toughened glass panelled sliding shutters with hardware of reputed make. Windows: UPVC/Aluminium window of reputed profile sections with tinted toughened/HS glass with suitable finishes as per design with mosquito mesh track. Windows Grills: Aesthetically designed Mild Steel (M.S) window grills with enamel paint finish. Security Services The drawing, dining, living, bedrooms, and kitchen are of minimum 800&#215;800